MISS FONTAINE!
DO YOU READ ME?!
ARE YOU OK?
PLEASE RESPOND!
Miss Fontaine:
JADEN! I CAN
BARELY HEAR YOU!
WE'VE BEEN
SURROUNDED.
THEY'RE TRYING
TO GET IN!
BLAIR NEEDS THAT
FIRST AID KIT--
YOU'RE BREAKING UP!
HELLO?
COME IN.
Jaden: HELLO?!
JADEN, COME IN!
WE NEED HELP...
PLEASE HURRY...
[SIGHS]
[THINKING]
I HOPE THEY GET
HERE FAST...
'CAUSE WE'RE RUNNING
OUT OF TIME.
POOR BLAIR.
WITHOUT THAT MEDICINE,
HER CONDITION IS ONLY
GOING TO GET WORSE,
AND WITH THOSE THINGS
OUT THERE TRYING TO GET IN,
I COULD BE IN NEED
OF MEDICAL ATTENTION TOO!
DUEL ME!
DUEL ME.
LET ME IN!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Jaden: IT'S NO USE.
I CAN'T GET IN TOUCH
WITH MISS FONTAINE ANYMORE.
WE HAVE NO CHOICE!
WE'VE GOT TO
GO RESCUE THEM!
WE MAY BE
THEIR ONLY HOPE!
AND I DON'T PLAN
ON LETTIN' 'EM DOWN!
JADEN, WAIT!
WHAT?
WE CAN'T JUST STAND
AROUND AND DO NOTHING.
WE UNDERSTAND.
SO SIGN US UP!
ME AND THE BOYS
ARE COMING WITH!
HOPE YA DIDN'T THINK
WE'D LET YA DO THIS
ALL ON YOUR OWN.
WE'RE ALL
IN THIS TOGETHER!
Jim: SOUNDS LIKE
A PLAN.
NOW WHILE WE'RE
GONE,
HASSLEBERRY
AND ALEXIS,
YOU TWO TAKE
THESE SUPPLIES
AND MAKE YOUR
WAY OVER TO THE GYM.
BUT WE SHOULD
HELP YOU!
THEY'LL BE OK, ALEXIS.
OUR JOB IS JUST AS
IMPORTANT AS THEIRS IS.
Adrian: YEAH, WE NEED TO
KEEP THE GYM SECURE.
SO YOU CAN'T LET
IT GET OVERRUN.
IT MIGHT BE OUR
LAST STRONGHOLD.
OKAY, JADEN!
LET'S DO THIS!
ALRIGHT!
HEY GUYS, I'VE BEEN
THINKIN' ABOUT A WAY
TO KEEP THOSE
DUEL GHOULS DISTRACTED.
TRUST ME, I THINK
I KNOW SOMEONE
WHO CAN WING IT!
[MISS FONTAINE GRUNTS]
THOSE THINGS WILL NEVER
GET THROUGH THIS DOOR NOW!
[GASPS]
DU-ELLLL!
MUST...DUEL...NOW.
[WHIMPERING]
DUEL ME.
[CHIRPING]
[MOANING]
WINGED KURIBOH'S
LEADING THEM AWAY!
THAT WAS
A GREAT IDEA, AXEL!
AND I'M JUST
GETTIN' WARMED UP!
FOLLOW ME!
NOW IF THE SCHEMATICS
I SAW ONLINE ARE CORRECT...
THIS FLOOR BOARD
OPENS UP TO A VENT SHAFT.
BINGO! THIS SHAFT'LL
GIVE US A CLEAR PATH
TO THE NURSE'S OFFICE.
THERE'S NO WAY
THOSE DUEL GHOULS
WILL BE DOWN HERE.
Jaden: EVERYBODY IN,
WE'RE GOING
DOOWWWNNNN!
SO FAR...
SO GOOD!
COME ON!
Student: DUEL ME.
LOOKS LIKE WE
SPOKE TO SOON!
YOU SAID THERE'D BE NONE
OF THOSE THINGS DOWN HERE.
GUESS I WAS WRONG.
DU-EL...DUEL ME....
LITTLE...HELP...
FELLAS.
Adrian: LISTEN GUYS,
I'LL HOLD THIS ONE OFF.
YOU WILL?
YOU JUST KEEP HEADING
TO THE NURSE'S OFFICE.
AND I'LL MEET UP
WITH YOU THERE.
THIS WON'T TAKE LONG.
NOW, JIM, YOU GO
WITH THEM ALRIGHT?
GOT IT!
LET'S GO!
WE'LL SEE YA SOON!
DUEL ME.
OKAY...LET'S DUEL!
[THINKING]
THAT'S IT, ADRIAN...
BE THE "HERO"
AND MAKE JADEN THINK
YOU'RE ON HIS SIDE.
BUT YOU BETTER WIN
THIS DUEL QUICK
IF YOU DON'T WANT
THAT BIO BAND
STEALING
TOO MUCH
OF YOUR ENERGY.
YOU CAN'T RISK
GETTING TOO WEAK.
DUEL ME...
THE CHAZZ...
WANTS TO DUEL...
WAIT UP FOR ME...
COAST IS CLEAR!
NOW WHAT?
WE WAIT HERE.
FOR WHAT?
THEY'RE GONE!
NOW LET'S GO!
HOLD ON!
THERE'S ANOTHER
ONE COMING!
KNOW IT ALL!
ARE WE JUST GONNA
STAY IN HERE?
I MEAN IT'S JUST
ONE OF THEM.
SHIRLEY...YA READY?
BOYS, I THINK WE'LL
TAKE A CRACK AT 'EM.
NOW LET'S GO DUEL!
ARE YOU SURE?
G'DAY! THE NAME'S JIM.
ARE YOU READY
FOR A FIGHT?!
[GROANS]
DUEL ME...
JIM, YOU SURE
YOU GOT THIS GUY?
NO WORRIES, MATE,
JUST GET THOSE
MEDS TO BLAIR!
GOOD LUCK!
DON'T NEED IT.
BUT LUCK IS ALL
ANY OF YOU HAVE!
HA HEE HA HA!
HEE HEE HA HA!
THAT'S ONE DOWN!
[THINKING]
AM I SEEING THINGS?
WHAT COULD THAT BE?
MAYBE HIS DECK CAN
GIVE ME A CLUE
AS TO WHAT'S HAPPENING
TO ALL THE STUDENTS.
IT SEEMS NORMAL.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
THERE'S GOT TO BE SOMETHING
IN THIS ANALYSIS
THAT'LL TELL ME
WHAT'S GOING ON.
DUEL ME...
DUEL...
DUEL.
MUST DUEL...
[MOANING]
SO YOU WANT
TO DUEL HUH?
I'LL TAKE YOU ALL ON
IF I HAVE TO!
[MOANING]
FONTAINE'S
BOXED IN ALRIGHT.
YEAH...
FOR THE TIME BEING.
BUT WE GOTTA FIGURE
OUT ANOTHER WAY
TO GET IN THERE.
IDEAS, AXEL?
LITTLE HELP BACK THERE.
HELLO...
HUH?
UP HERE!
OKAY, SO WHAT DO
WE DO NEXT?
NOW WE SET UP
ANOTHER DIVERSION.
BUT THIS TIME I'LL BE
THE DECOY THAT LEADS
THOSE THINGS AWAY.
THEN WE DROP DOWN...
AND RESCUE
MISS FONTAINE.
EXACTLY.
[WHISTLES]
[MOANING]
HEY!
COME AND GET ME!
DUEL ME...
SOUNDS LIKE YOU
GUYS WANNA DUEL.
NOW CATCH ME
IF YOU CAN.
LOOK AT THAT!
THEY'RE FOLLOWING!
JADEN!
OVER THERE!
THAT'S DIRECTLY OVER
THE NURSE'S OFFICE!
AND THE CEILING!
IT'S OPEN!
MISS FONTAINE, BLAIR,
YOU IN HERE?
ARE WE TOO LATE?
[BOTH GASP]
WHEW!
YOU GUYS ARE OKAY!
SUPER! BOY ARE WE
GLAD THOSE THINGS
DIDN'T GET IN HERE.
WE WERE AFRAID
WE WOULDN'T
MAKE IT IN TIME.
WE BROUGHT
THE FIRST AID KIT!
BLAIR, YOU'RE GONNA
BE ALRIGHT NOW!
THANK YOU JADEN,
BUT I THINK BLAIR'S
GONNA BE FINE
WITHOUT IT!
HUH?
YA DON'T NEED IT?!
WHY NO--
HA HA HA!
I'M PRESCRIBING
A DIFFERENT TREATMENT!
TO BECOME ONE OF US!
SO THEN...
CARE TO DUEL?
Jaden: OH, NO!
THEY TURNED YOU TOO!
BUT IT'S NOT TOO
LATE TO SAVE BLAIR!
SO YOU'RE ON!!
SUBMIT TO US, JADEN!
IT'S EASY.
AT LEAST IT CAN BE...
UNDERSTAND THIS...
THAT'S NOT
GONNA HAPPEN!
TOO BAD...GUESS IT'S
THE HARD WAY THEN.
WHICH WON'T BE
MUCH FUN FOR YOU.
JESSE, IT'S NOW
OR NEVER TO SAVE BLAIR.
OK! WHAT ARE YA
THINKIN'?
HERE. TAKE THIS,
AND WHILE I'M DUELING
YOU SNEAK AROUND
TO HELP HER.
MISS FONTAINE,
YOU GOT YOURSELF A DUEL!
HA HA HA!
PREPARE TO JOIN US...
YOU TOO, JESSE!
BUT FIRST THINGS FIRST!
DUEL...
DUEL....
DOWN, BOYS.
I WANT THIS ONE
FOR MYSELF!
TIME TO OPERATE!
HA HA HA!
ERR. JESS, GET
INTO POSITION,
'CAUSE IT'S GO TIME!
GOT IT!
ALRIGHT THEN!
LET'S DO THIS!
HA HA HA!
GAME ON!
ERR. UNH!
THAT WAS EASY!
[THINKING]
NOW TO SEE HOW
JADEN IS FAIRING...
Students:
MUST DUEL.
UH OH, THERE'S
MORE ON THE WAY,
AND THIS ONE
DOESN'T KNOW WHEN
TO STAY DOWN.
I CAN'T FIGHT
'EM ALL
'CAUSE I HAVE TO
CONSERVE MY ENERGY.
DUEL...
Jim, thinking: ALEXIS WAS RIGHT,
THOSE THINGS ARE RELENTLESS.
I TOOK ONE
OF 'EM DOWN TWICE.
NOW TO GET BACK
TO THE BOYS.
HUH? ARR!
DUEL ME...
[THINKING]
LOOKS LIKE I MIGHT BE
THE ONE WHO NEEDS
SOME HELP!
MY DRAW...
AND I SUMMON: MY NURSE...
REFICULE
THE FALLEN ONE!
[THINKING]
OH MAN, THAT
MONSTER SHE PLAYED
NEARLY BLEW THIS
PLACE APART.
I BETTER WIN
THIS QUICK
BEFORE THE
WHOLE PLACE
COMES CRASHING DOWN.
BLAIR!
I'LL END MY TURN
WITH TWO FACEDOWNS.
ALRIGHTY THEN,
I GO!
NOW CHECK
THIS OUT!
I ACTIVATE:
POLYMERIZATION!
NOW I'LL FUSE
ELEMENTAL HEROES
AVIAN AND BURSTINATRIX
TO CREATE ELEMENTAL
HERO FLAME WINGMAN!
[ROARS]
THE CEILING'S
GIVING OUT.
I'LL TAKE CARE
OF BLAIR!
NO YOU WON'T!
I GOT HER, JAY!
NOW ATTACK!
Jaden:
WITH PLEASURE!
FLAME WINGMAN...
LET HER HAVE IT!
NOT SO FAST, JADEN.
I PLAY ONE
OF MY FACEDOWNS--
DARK CURE!
YOU SEE WHEN THIS
TRAP IS PLAYED...
YOUR LIFE POINTS
WILL INCREASE
BY HALF THE NUMBER
OF THE MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS YOU
JUST SUMMONED.
HUH?!
I GET POINTS?!
WHATEVER YOU SAY!
BLAIR'S NOT DOING
TOO GOOD, JAY...
AND NEITHER ARE YOU!
HOW COME?
BECAUSE I ACTIVATE
REFICULE'S SPECIAL ABILITY,
WHICH NEGATES YOUR
LIFE POINT BONUS
AND REMOVES HALF
YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS
FROM YOUR LIFE POINTS!
I WANT
A SECOND OPINION!
GO ANTI CURE!
[GROANING]
I GOT BLAIR, JADEN!
AND I'M GIVING
HER THE FIRST AID.
WAY TO GO, JESSE...
NOW I'M...
GONNA GIVE HER...
A TASTE
OF HER OWN MEDICINE.
WELL I DON'T THINK
IT WILL HAVE TIME
TO TAKE AFFECT,
'CAUSE I'M PLANNING ON
ENDING THIS DUEL, STAT!
JADEN, YOU GONNA BE OK?
YEAH, DON'T WORRY,
JES.
I'VE STILL GOT
FLAME WINGMAN
OUT THERE.
AND HE'S ABOUT TO
ADMINISTER JUST WHAT
THE DOCTOR ORDERED.
THINK AGAIN!
I REVEAL MY FACEDOWN
BRUTAL POTION.
ONCE THIS TRAP
IS ACTIVATED
MY REFICULE
THE FALLEN ONE
GAINS A THOUSAND
MORE POINTS.
BUT IT ONLY LASTS
THE DURATION OF A TURN
WHENEVER YOU TAKE DAMAGE
FROM AN EFFECT.
NO WAY!
THAT'S RIGHT, JADEN...
AND HERE'S
MORE BAD NEWS...
MY PROGNOSIS DOESN'T
BODE TOO WELL FOR YOU.
GREAT...
SINCE YOUR MONSTER'S
STRONGER THAN
MY WINGMAN,
I'LL JUST PLAY
THREE FACEDOWNS.
AND NOW,
WITH YOUR TURN OVER,
MY REFICULE'S
ATTACK POINTS RETURN
TO THEIR ORIGINAL STATE.
[THINKING]
IF JADEN DOESN'T
STEP IT UP SOON,
BLAIR WON'T BE
THE ONLY ONE WHO
NEEDS SOME FIRST AID!
MY TURN.
I DRAW...
NOW I'LL PLAY:
THE SPELL BONFIRE.
I CAN TAKE A LEVEL-4
OR BELOW PYRO-TYPE MONSTER
FROM MY DECK...
AND ADD IT TO MY HAND.
THEN I SHUFFLE.
NEXT I PLAY MAGICAL
STONE EXCAVATION,
WHICH LETS SEND
TWO OF MY BURNING
ALGAE TO THE GRAVEYARD,
AND IN RETURN,
I CAN TAKE A SPELL CARD
FROM MY GRAVE
AND ADD IT TO MY HAND.
OH, AND BY THE WAY,
WITH TWO ALGAE
IN MY GRAVE...
YOU GAIN ANOTHER
TWO THOUSAND LIFE POINTS!
NOT AGAIN...
[GROWLING]
THAT'S RIGHT, JADEN...
REFICULE'S
SPECIAL ABILITY ACTIVATES
AND, THOSE EXTRA
LIFE POINTS...
ARE INSTEAD TAKEN
AWAY FROM YOU!
GO ANTI-CURE!
[SHRIEKS]
AAH!
OH YES...
AND DON'T FORGET
BRUTAL POTION!
[THINKING]
JADEN'S ALMOST OUT
OF LIFE POINTS...
AND SHE HASN'T EVEN
ATTACKED HIM YET!
DON'T GIVE UP!
I WOULD IF I
WERE YOU JADEN.
THERE'S NOTHING
YOU CAN DO THAT
WILL HELP WIN
THIS DUEL FOR YOU...
HA HA HA!
AND NOW THANKS TO MY
MAGICAL STONE EXCAVATION...
I ACTIVATE BONFIRE!
THIS SPELL ALLOWS ME
TO ADD ANOTHER
BURNING ALGAE
FROM MY DECK
TO MY HAND!
SO YOU'RE TURNING
UP THE HEAT HUH?!
NOT COOL!
JESSE!
PROTECT BLAIR!
ON IT!
[THINKING]
MAN, WE'RE NOT
GONNA HAVE A WAY
TO GET
BLAIR TO SAFETY
UNTIL JADEN BEATS
MISS FONTAINE!
AND IF SHE TURNS UP
THE HEAT ANYMORE,
ALL OUR GOOSES
ARE GONNA BE COOKED!
ALGAE...
ATTACK FLAME WINGMAN!
[GROWLS]
Jesse, thinking:
IF BURNING ALGAE
GETS DESTROYED,
IT GETS SENT
TO THE GRAVE,
AND THEN JADEN WILL GET
A THOUSAND LIFE POINTS.
BUT BECAUSE
OF REFICULE'S ABILITY,
HE'LL LOSE THOSE
LIFE POINTS AND THE DUEL.
[GROWLS]
DON'T THINK SO!
CHECK THIS OUT!
THE TRAP,
HERO BARRIER
CAN CANCEL OUT
ONE ATTACK
AGAINST
MY ELEMENTAL HERO!
CLOSE ONE!
SO YOU STOPPED
ONE ATTACK...
BUT LET'S SEE YOU STOP
MY ATTACK FROM REFICULE!
NOW GO,
INFECTIOUS WRAP!
[SHRIEKS]
MY WINGMAN!
[GROANS]
OKAY...I GUESS IT'S
TIME FOR ME TO CALL
IN A SPECIALIST.
I PLAY HERO SIGNAL!
HERO SIGNAL?!
YOUR NIGHT LIGHT
DOESN'T SCARE ME
OR MY REFICULE!
YOU SEE, WITH
ANTI-CURE YOU'RE FINISHED!
[THINKING]
SHE'S RIGHT!!
WITH HER DARK CURE
AND REFICULE COMBO,
JADEN'LL LOSE LIFE POINTS
EQUAL TO HALF
HIS NEW MONSTER'S
ATTACK POINTS!
NOW IF HE SUMMONS
TOO POWERFUL A MONSTER,
THERE'S NO WAY HE'LL BE ABLE
TO REMEDY THE SITUATION!
[THINKING]
I THINK IT'S TIME
FOR ME TO CURE
WHAT'S AILING ME!
NOW I'M SUMMONING...
THIS GUY!
ELEMENTAL HERO
WILDHEART!
YOU CAN FORGET ABOUT
YOUR DARK CURE'S EFFECT.
WILDHEART'S IMMUNE!
BUT THEN JADEN WON'T
LOSE ANY LIFE POINTS!
AND I'M NOT DONE YET!
I PLAY...
GRACEFUL CHARITY...
THIS LETS ME DRAW
THREE CARDS
FROM MY DECK
IN EXCHANGE FOR
TWO FROM MY HAND...
[THINKING]
PERFECT!
I'LL KEEP INSTANT FUSION
AND DISCARD
THESE OTHER TWO.
NOW, WILDHEART, ATTACK!
PUT HER REFICULE
IN INTENSIVE CARE!
GO WILD SLASH!
REFICULE!
ALRIGHT! NOW ANTI-CURE'S EFFECT
IS PUT OUT TO PASTURE!
AND NEXT, MY CALL
OF THE HAUNTED
LETS ME SUMMON
THIS GUY
FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
WELCOME BACK
BLADEDGE!
[THINKING]
WITH DARK CURE
STILL IN PLAY,
NOW JADEN GETS
A LIFE POINT BOOST
EQUAL TO HALF
OF BLADEDGE'S ATTACK POINTS.
NOT FAIR!
THERE'S MORE...
BLADEDGE, ATTACK
HER BURNING ALGAE!
GREAT! WITH ALGAE
GOIN' TO THE GRAVE,
JADEN GETS
A THOUSAND MORE POINTS!
[THINKING]
TIME TO PULL THE PLUG
ON THIS DUEL!
[SPEAKING]
I PLAY INSTANT FUSION,
AND WITH IT I CAN
SEND WILDHEART
AND BLADEDGE
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
SO, THEN I CAN SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO WILDEDGE!
NOW, WILDEDGE...
FINISH THIS!
[GROWLS]
AAH!
[GROANING]
AAH! UNH!
MISS FONTAINE?
DUEL GHOULS?
YOU GUYS MAKE IT?
[GROANING]
ARE YOU OK?
JADEN!
YEAH, STINGS
A BIT THOUGH!
HOW'S BLAIR DOIN'?
SHE SEEMS ALRIGHT.
SHE'S SLEEPING!
HA HA! LOOKS
LIKE SHE SLEEPS
EVEN MORE THAN I DO!
LET'S GET
OUTTA HERE.
Miss Fontaine:
HA HA HA!
WE'RE NOT FINISHED!
WHA--?!
DON'T YOU SEE...
THERE'S NO STOPPING US!
I GUESS SHE MADE IT!
I SUMMON CRYSTAL BEAST
TOPAZ TIGER!
[GROWLS]
TAKE BLAIR TO THE GYM!
GOT IT?
YES!
LET'S MAKE TRACKS!
OK.
TALLY-HO!
YOU ESCAPED
THIS TIME.
Alexis: HER FEVER'S DROPPING.
THE MEDICINE SAVED HER.
THAT WAS
A CLOSE ONE!
YEAH.
[CHIRPS]
IT'S GOOD TO SEE
BLAIR FEELIN'
BETTER.
NOW WE GOTTA WORRY
ABOUT SAVING
THE OTHERS.
NO JOKE...
IF WE SAVED BLAIR,
WE CAN SAVE 'EM ALL.
ONE AT A TIME
IF WE HAVE TO!
HE'S RIGHT!
IF WE STAY FOCUSED,
WE'LL FIGURE OUT THE CAUSE
AND EFFECT OF THIS PLACE.
AND ALSO A WAY
TO GET HOME! RIGHT?
[THINKING]
NOT IF IT HAS ANYTHING
TO SAY ABOUT IT.
HA HA HA!
Syrus: JADEN...COME OUT
WHEREVER YOU ARE...
YOU'RE MY BEST BUD.
DON'T YOU WANT
TO DUEL WITH ME?
SYRUS...WE'LL TAKE
'EM ALL ON!
ONE AT A TIME.
WE'RE COMIN'
AFTER YOU...
WHAT'S WRONG?
WHO'S OUT THERE?
Hassleberry:
WHO'S NOT OUT THERE?
THE WHOLE SCHOOL'S
SLOWLY TURNING
AGAINST US!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪